Don't kill me, I am the emperor
I abdicate
I'll abdicate and let you wait.
He hurt so many people
We can't let him die so easily
This is the poison that will make him rot to death
Here we go.
Wanyue, are you really unwilling to forgive me?
You will soon be emperor
There will only be more women around in the future
I don't want to
You're right.
The emperor cannot be trusted
You might as well come with me in the evening
Counterfeit products are more comfortable than Beijing
I don't follow anyone
I'll go by myself.
All gone
Sister, I found a suitable house for you
Let someone help you move there today
OK, I'll arrange it.
I've caused trouble for my senior brother these days.
I shouldn't be because of my own delusions
Just insert between Senior Brother and Miss Jiang
As long as you can understand
Didn't we make it clear?
What else do you want?
I don't agree with that.
I will decree
Let you be my queen
Shangguan Xing, I will also issue an order to pay for the sixth work strictly
As long as you are alone in this life
Wanyu, I can't live without you
Can you promise me?
See your performance